---layout: posttitle: My Goals as a Developer.---I’ve come to the realization that automation/computerization is taking over all aspects of our daily lives and thus I want to be part of this great endeavor. I would like to understand the ins and outs of how this all works. How does the machine or software know and understand what to do? Where are the answers one looks for? How do we design a better environment to live in now and the future? Those are just a few questions that are on top of my head right now as I write this. I think it all has to do with ease of use and control. I don’t want to design anything too complicated and thus useless to many. It has to appeal to many in order to be a market success these days. Take a look at Apple and its products. Very sleek and user friendly. There was nothing like it back in 2007 and it too years for anyone to catch up. Facebook comes to mind as we think of Social Media segment. There were other sites before it but nobody played the psychological games quite like the original FB site. Many don’t remember that it was only available to Ivy League students first and Random Play was a relationship goal option. No ads and no fuss, just clean and simple design. I would like to mimic that philosophy in all my future projects. But that doesn’t mean I only want to focus on social media and the retail electronic space. AI and Robotics are taking over the workplace all around the world at a pace never seen before. Where is this going? Will humans be left out of the workforce? How do these systems work? How does a machine learn to learn? I want to know and learn all about this and more. 