---layout: posttitle: My Experience with Bloc.---It has been quite the adventure so far with BLOC. I looked into many different programs all across the US for a boot camp as such. The program seems to be more up to date than a traditional school. You also get the attention from an advisor for a one on one coaching. I do not have to leave my home in order to do the work and all that’s needed is a laptop. It’s definitely more convenient and saves me time and money not having to travel to NYC or Philly areas. That being said the work is intense, the deadlines come up quick and you must stay on top of it or you’ll soon be left behind schedule quickly. The material is new to me for the most part and at times I feel like I’m learning how to work a computer again. My advisor helps a ton in that department as he has years of experience and can easily spot my errors and point me in the right direction. We meet online at least three times a week and go through the work and plan ahead. There are many checkpoints to go through and time flies as never before. But it’s truly amazing how fast one learns and picks up new skills and coding. When all comes together and all the bugs are worked out there is a feeling of satisfaction and achievement. It’s fun to see it all come together and now even writing about the experience. I’m not the first one to go through this process obviously and there are plenty of recourses online as evidence to that. It’s a very open community and people share ideas in order to solve complex problems together.  The environment is not really something that I am used to. My background has been all in reinsurance accounting where for the most part you learned on the job. I didn’t google much there in order to find the answers to point me in the right direction. 